db-service CHANGELOG.md (#182)
cap-js/cds-dbs: db-service/CHANGELOG.md

- The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](http://keepachangelog.com/).
- This project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/).

## Version 1.X.X - 2023-MM-DD

### Fixed

- no more type error which occured in some cases for deeply nested `expand`s.

> 

Author: ```suggestion
- path expression traversing non-foreign-key fields within infix filters are now properly rejected for `exists` predicates

```

- The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](http://keepachangelog.com/).
- This project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/).

## Version 1.X.X - 2023-MM-DD

### Fixed

- no more type error which occured in some cases for deeply nested `expand`s.
- path expression traversing non-foreign-key fields within infix filters are now properly rejected for `exists` predicates

> 

Author: ```suggestion
+ for nested `exists` predicates in a localized scenario, now all aliases are properly calculated in the resulting subqueries.

```

- The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](http://keepachangelog.com/).
- This project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/).

## Version 1.X.X - 2023-MM-DD

> ### Fixed

Author: ```suggestion
### Added

- support for calculated elements on read.

### Fixed
```

> - no more type error which occured in some cases for deeply nested `expand`s.

Author: ```suggestion
- resolved a type error which occured in some cases for deeply nested `expand`s.
```

> - path expression traversing non-foreign-key fields within infix filters are now properly rejected for `exists` predicates

Author: ```suggestion
- path expression traversing non-foreign-key fields within infix filters are now properly rejected for `exists` predicates.
```

> + for nested `exists` predicates in a localized scenario, now all aliases are properly calculated in the resulting subqueries.

Author: ```suggestion
- for nested `exists` predicates in a localized scenario, now all aliases are properly calculated in the resulting subqueries.
```

- The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](http://keepachangelog.com/).
- This project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/).

## Version 1.X.X - 2023-MM-DD

### Added

- support for calculated elements on read.

### Fixed

> - resolved a type error which occured in some cases for deeply nested `expand`s.

Author: ```suggestion
- resolved a type error which occured in some cases for deeply nested `expand`s. #173
```

> - path expression traversing non-foreign-key fields within infix filters are now properly rejected for `exists` predicates.

Author: ```suggestion
- path expression traversing non-foreign-key fields within infix filters are now properly rejected for `exists` predicates. #181
```

> - CQL functions: In the `args` of the `concat` function an `xpr` is now wrapped in parentheses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed: `concat(x,1+3)` was erroneously translated to `x || 1+3` for SQLite
```

> - CQL functions: In the `args` of the `concat` function an `xpr` is now wrapped in parentheses.

Author: ```suggestion
- CQL functions: In the `args` of the `concat` function an `xpr` is now wrapped in parentheses. #196
```

> - for nested `exists` predicates in a localized scenario, now all aliases are properly calculated in the resulting subqueries.

Author: ```suggestion
- CQL functions: In the `args` of the `concat` function an `xpr` is now wrapped in parentheses.
```
